.\"
.\" Author: Joao Marcelo Martins <marcelo.martins@rackspace.com> or <btorch@gmail.com>
.\" Copyright (c) 2010-2011 OpenStack, LLC.
.\"
.\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.\" you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.\" You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
.\" implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.
.\"  
.TH container-server.conf 5 "8/26/2011" "Linux" "OpenStack Swift"

.SH NAME 
.LP
.B container-server.conf
\- configuration file for the openstack-swift container server 



.SH SYNOPSIS
.LP
.B container-server.conf



.SH DESCRIPTION 
.PP
This is the configuration file used by the container server and other container 
background services, such as; replicator, updater, auditor and sync. 

The configuration file follows the python-pastedeploy syntax. The file is divided
into sections, which are enclosed by square brackets. Each section will contain a 
certain number of key/value parameters which are described later. 

Any line that begins with a '#' symbol is ignored. 

You can find more information about python-pastedeploy configuration format at 
\fIhttp://pythonpaste.org/deploy/#config-format\fR



.SH GLOBAL SECTION
.PD 1 
.RS 0
This is indicated by section named [DEFAULT]. Below are the parameters that 
are acceptable within this section. 

.IP "\fBbind_ip\fR"
IP address the container server should bind to. The default is 0.0.0.0 which will make 
it bind to all available addresses.
.IP "\fBbind_port\fR" 
TCP port the container server should bind to. The default is 6001. 
.IP \fBbacklog\fR 
TCP backlog.  Maximum number of allowed pending connections. The default value is 4096. 
.IP \fBworkers\fR 
Number of container server workers to fork. The default is 1. 
.IP \fBuser\fR 
The system user that the container server will run as. The default is swift. 
.IP \fBswift_dir\fR 
Swift configuration directory. The default is /etc/swift.
.IP \fBdevices\fR 
Parent directory or where devices are mounted. Default is /srv/node.
.IP \fBmount_check\fR 
Whether or not check if the devices are mounted to prevent accidentally writing to 
the root device. The default is set to true.
.IP \fBlog_name\fR 
Label used when logging. The default is swift.
.IP \fBlog_facility\fR 
Syslog log facility. The default is LOG_LOCAL0.
.IP \fBlog_level\fR 
Logging level. The default is INFO.
.RE
.PD



.SH PIPELINE SECTION
.PD 1 
.RS 0
This is indicated by section name [pipeline:main]. Below are the parameters that
are acceptable within this section. 

.IP "\fBpipeline\fR"
It is used when you need to apply a number of filters. It is a list of filters 
ended by an application. The default should be \fB"healthcheck 
container-server"\fR
.RE
.PD



.SH APP SECTION
.PD 1 
.RS 0
This is indicated by section name [app:container-server]. Below are the parameters
that are acceptable within this section.
.IP "\fBuse\fR"
Entry point for paste.deploy for the container server. This is the reference to the installed python egg. 
The default is \fBegg:swift#container\fR.
.IP "\fBset log_name\fR 
Label used when logging. The default is container-server.
.IP "\fBset log_facility\fR 
Syslog log facility. The default is LOG_LOCAL0.
.IP "\fB set log_level\fR 
Logging level. The default is INFO.
.IP "\fB set log_requests\fR 
Enables request logging. The default is True.
.IP \fBnode_timeout\fR 
Request timeout to external services. The default is 3 seconds. 
.IP \fBconn_timeout\fR 
Connection timeout to external services. The default is 0.5 seconds. 
.RE
.PD



.SH FILTER SECTION
.PD 1 
.RS 0
Any section that has its name prefixed by "filter:" indicates a filter section.
Filters are used to specify configuration parameters for specific swift middlewares.
Below are the filters available and respective acceptable parameters. 
.IP "\fB[filter:healthcheck]\fR"
.RE
.RS 3
.IP "\fBuse\fR"
Entry point for paste.deploy for the healthcheck middleware. This is the reference to the installed python egg. 
The default is \fBegg:swift#healthcheck\fR.
.RE
.PD



.SH ADDITIONAL SECTIONS
.PD 1
.RS 0
The following sections are used by other swift-container services, such as replicator,
updater, auditor and sync.
.IP "\fB[container-replicator]\fR"
.RE
.RS 3
.IP \fBlog_name\fR 
Label used when logging. The default is container-replicator.
.IP \fBlog_facility\fR 
Syslog log facility. The default is LOG_LOCAL0.
.IP \fBlog_level\fR 
Logging level. The default is INFO.
.IP \fBvm_test_mode\fR 
Indicates that you are using a VM environment. The default is no.
.IP \fBper_diff\fR 
The default is 1000.
.IP \fBconcurrency\fR 
Number of replication workers to spawn. The default is 8.
.IP \fBrun_pause\fR 
Time in seconds to wait between replication passes. The default is 30.
.IP \fBnode_timeout\fR 
Request timeout to external services. The default is 10 seconds. 
.IP \fBconn_timeout\fR 
Connection timeout to external services. The default is 0.5 seconds. 
.IP \fBreclaim_age\fR 
Time elapsed in seconds before an container can be reclaimed. The default is 
604800 seconds. 
.RE


.RS 0
.IP "\fB[container-updater]\fR"
.RE
.RS 3
.IP \fBlog_name\fR 
Label used when logging. The default is container-updater.
.IP \fBlog_facility\fR 
Syslog log facility. The default is LOG_LOCAL0.
.IP \fBlog_level\fR 
Logging level. The default is INFO.
.IP \fBinterval\fR 
Minimum time for a pass to take. The default is 300 seconds. 
.IP \fBconcurrency\fR 
Number of reaper workers to spawn. The default is 4. 
.IP \fBnode_timeout\fR 
Request timeout to external services. The default is 3 seconds. 
.IP \fBconn_timeout\fR 
Connection timeout to external services. The default is 0.5 seconds. 
.IP \fBslowdown = 0.01\fR
Slowdown will sleep that amount between containers. The default is 0.01 seconds. 
.IP \fBaccount_suppression_time\fR
Seconds to suppress updating an account that has generated an error. The default is 60 seconds.
.RE
.PD


.RS 0
.IP "\fB[container-auditor]\fR"
.RE
.RS 3
.IP \fBlog_name\fR 
Label used when logging. The default is container-auditor.
.IP \fBlog_facility\fR 
Syslog log facility. The default is LOG_LOCAL0.
.IP \fBlog_level\fR 
Logging level. The default is INFO.
.IP \fBinterval\fR 
Will audit, at most, 1 container per device per interval. The default is 1800 seconds. 
.RE



.RS 0
.IP "\fB[container-sync]\fR"
.RE
.RS 3
.IP \fBlog_name\fR 
Label used when logging. The default is container-sync.
.IP \fBlog_facility\fR 
Syslog log facility. The default is LOG_LOCAL0.
.IP \fBlog_level\fR 
Logging level. The default is INFO.
.IP \fBsync_proxy\fR
If you need to use an HTTP Proxy, set it here; defaults to no proxy.
.IP \fBinterval\fR 
Will audit, at most, each container once per interval. The default is 300 seconds. 
.IP \fBcontainer_time\fR
Maximum amount of time to spend syncing each container per pass. The default is 60 seconds.
.RE
.PD



 
.SH DOCUMENTATION
.LP
More in depth documentation about the swift-container-server and
also Openstack-Swift as a whole can be found at 
.BI http://swift.openstack.org/admin_guide.html 
and 
.BI http://swift.openstack.org


.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR swift-container-server(1),


