.\"
.\" Author: HCLTech-SSW <hcl_ss_oss@hcl.com>
.\" Copyright (c) 2010-2017 OpenStack Foundation.
.\"
.\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.\" you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.\" You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
.\" implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.
.\"
.TH container-sync-realms.conf 5 "10/09/2017" "Linux" "OpenStack Swift"

.SH NAME
.LP
.B container-sync-realms.conf
\- configuration file for the OpenStack Swift container sync realms



.SH SYNOPSIS
.LP
.B container-sync-realms.conf



.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
This is the configuration file used by the Object storage Swift to perform container to container
synchronization. This configuration file is used to configure clusters to allow/accept sync
requests to/from other clusters. Using this configuration file, the user specifies where
to sync their container to along with a secret synchronization key.

You can find more information about container to container synchronization at
\fIhttps://docs.openstack.org/swift/latest/overview_container_sync.html\fR

The configuration file follows the python-pastedeploy syntax. The file is divided
into sections, which are enclosed by square brackets. Each section will contain a
certain number of key/value parameters which are described later.

Any line that begins with a '#' symbol is ignored.

You can find more information about python-pastedeploy configuration format at
\fIhttp://pythonpaste.org/deploy/#config-format\fR



.SH GLOBAL SECTION
.PD 1
.RS 0
This is indicated by section named [DEFAULT]. Below are the parameters that
are acceptable within this section.

.IP "\fBmtime_check_interval\fR"
The number of seconds between checking the modified time of this config file for changes
and therefore reloading it. The default value is 300.
.RE
.PD



.SH REALM SECTIONS
.PD 1
.RS 0
Each section name is the name of a sync realm, for example [realm1].
A sync realm is a set of clusters that have agreed to allow container syncing with each other.
Realm names will be considered case insensitive. Below are the parameters that are acceptable
within this section.

.IP "\fBcluster_clustername1\fR"
Any values in the realm section whose name begin with cluster_ will indicate the name and
endpoint of a cluster and will be used by external users in their container's
X-Container-Sync-To metadata header values with the format as "realm_name/cluster_name/container_name".
The Realm and cluster names are considered to be case insensitive.
.IP "\fBcluster_clustername2\fR"
Any values in the realm section whose name begin with cluster_ will indicate the name and
endpoint of a cluster and will be used by external users in their container's
X-Container-Sync-To metadata header values with the format as "realm_name/cluster_name/container_name".
The Realm and cluster names are considered to be case insensitive.

The endpoint is what the container sync daemon will use when sending out
requests to that cluster. Keep in mind this endpoint must be reachable by all
container servers, since that is where the container sync daemon runs. Note
that the endpoint ends with /v1/ and that the container sync daemon will then
add the account/container/obj name after that.

.IP "\fBkey\fR"
The key is the overall cluster-to-cluster key used in combination with the external
users' key that they set on their containers' X-Container-Sync-Key metadata header
values. These keys will be used to sign each request the container sync daemon makes
and used to validate each incoming container sync request.
.IP "\fBkey2\fR"
The key2 is optional and is an additional key incoming requests will be checked
against. This is so you can rotate keys if you wish; you move the existing
key to key2 and make a new key value.
.RE
.PD

.SH EXAMPLE
.nf
.RS 0
[DEFAULT]
mtime_check_interval = 300


[realm1]
key = realm1key
key2 = realm1key2
cluster_clustername1 = https://host1/v1/
cluster_clustername2 = https://host2/v1/

[realm2]
key = realm2key
key2 = realm2key2
cluster_clustername3 = https://host3/v1/
cluster_clustername4 = https://host4/v1/
.RE
.fi


.SH DOCUMENTATION
.LP
More in depth documentation in regards to
.BI swift-container-sync
and also about OpenStack Swift as a whole can be found at
.BI https://docs.openstack.org/swift/latest/overview_container_sync.html
and
.BI https://docs.openstack.org/swift/latest/


.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR swift-container-sync(1)
