.\"
.\" Author: HCLTech-SSW <hcl_ss_oss@hcl.com>
.\" Copyright (c) 2010-2017 OpenStack Foundation.
.\"
.\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.\" you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.\" You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
.\" implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.
.\"
.TH container-reconciler.conf 5 "10/25/2017" "Linux" "OpenStack Swift"

.SH NAME
.LP
.B container-reconciler.conf
\- configuration file for the OpenStack Swift container reconciler


.SH SYNOPSIS
.LP
.B container-reconciler.conf


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
This is the configuration file used by the container reconciler.

The configuration file follows the python-pastedeploy syntax. The file is divided
into sections, which are enclosed by square brackets. Each section will contain a
certain number of key/value parameters which are described later.

Any line that begins with a '#' symbol is ignored.

You can find more information about python-pastedeploy configuration format at
\fIhttp://pythonpaste.org/deploy/#config-format\fR


.SH GLOBAL SECTION
.PD 1
.RS 0
This is indicated by section named [DEFAULT]. Below are the parameters that
are acceptable within this section.

.IP "\fBlog_address\fR"
Location where syslog sends the logs to. The default is /dev/log.
.IP "\fBlog_custom_handlers \fR"
Comma-separated list of functions to call to setup custom log handlers.
.IP "\fBlog_facility\fR"
Syslog log facility. The default is LOG_LOCAL0.
.IP "\fBlog_level\fR"
Log level used for logging. The default is INFO.
.IP "\fBlog_name\fR"
Label used when logging. The default is swift.
.IP "\fBlog_statsd_default_sample_rate\fR"
Defines the probability of sending a sample for any given event or
timing measurement. The default is 1.0.
.IP "\fBlog_statsd_host\fR"
If not set, the StatsD feature is disabled. The default is localhost.
.IP "\fBlog_statsd_metric_prefix\fR"
Value will be prepended to every metric sent to the StatsD server.
.IP "\fBlog_statsd_port\fR"
The port value for the StatsD server. The default is 8125.
.IP "\fBlog_statsd_sample_rate_factor\fR"
It is not recommended to set this to a value less than 1.0, if frequency of
logging is too high, tune the log_statsd_default_sample_rate instead.
The default value is 1.0.
.IP "\fBlog_udp_host\fR"
If not set, the UDP receiver for syslog is disabled.
.IP "\fBlog_udp_port\fR"
Port value for UDP receiver, if enabled. The default is 514.
.IP "\fBswift_dir\fR"
Swift configuration directory. The default is /etc/swift.
.IP "\fBuser\fR"
User to run as. The default is swift.
.RE
.PD


.SH CONTAINER RECONCILER SECTION
.PD 1
.RS 0
.IP "\fB[container-reconciler]\fR"
.RE
.RS 3
.IP "\fBinterval\fR"
Minimum time for a pass to take. The default is 30 seconds.
.IP "\fBreclaim_age\fR"
Time elapsed in seconds before an object can be reclaimed. The default is 604800 seconds.
.IP "\fBrequest_tries\fR"
Server errors from requests will be retried by default. The default is 3.
.RE
.PD


.SH PIPELINE SECTION
.PD 1
.RS 0
.IP "\fB[pipeline:main]\fR"
.RE
.RS 3
.IP "\fBpipeline\fR"
Pipeline to use for  processing operations. The default is "catch_errors proxy-logging cache proxy-server".
.RE
.PD


.SH APP SECTION
.PD 1
.RS 0
\fBFor details of the available options see proxy-server.conf.5.\fR

.RS 0
.IP "\fB[app:proxy-server]\fR"
.RE
.RS 3
.IP "\fBuse\fR"
Entry point for paste.deploy in the server.
This is normally \fBegg:swift#proxy\fR.
.RE
.PD


.SH FILTER SECTIONS
.PD 1
.RS 0
Any section that has its name prefixed by "filter:" indicates a filter section.
Filters are used to specify configuration parameters for specific swift middlewares.
Below are the filters available and respective acceptable parameters.

\fBFor details of the available options for each filter section see proxy-server.conf.5.\fR

.RS 0
.IP "\fB[filter:cache]\fR"
.RE
Caching middleware that manages caching in swift.

.RS 3
.IP "\fBuse\fR"
Entry point for paste.deploy in the server.
This is normally \fBegg:swift#memcache\fR.
.RE
.PD


.RS 0
.IP "\fB[filter:catch_errors]\fR"
.RE
.RS 3
.IP "\fBuse\fR"
Entry point for paste.deploy in the server.
This is normally \fBegg:swift#catch_errors\fR.
.RE
.PD


.RS 0
.IP "\fB[filter:proxy-logging]\fR"
.RE
.RS 3
.IP "\fBuse\fR"
Entry point for paste.deploy in the server.
This is normally \fBegg:swift#proxy_logging\fR.
.RE
.PD


.SH DOCUMENTATION
.LP
More in depth documentation in regards to
.BI swift-container-reconciler
and also about OpenStack Swift as a whole can be found at
.BI https://docs.openstack.org/swift/latest/overview_policies.html.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR swift-container-reconciler(1)
