.\"
.\" Author: Joao Marcelo Martins <marcelo.martins@rackspace.com> or <btorch@gmail.com>
.\" Copyright (c) 2010-2012 OpenStack Foundation.
.\"
.\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.\" you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.\" You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
.\" implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.
.\"
.TH dispersion.conf 5 "8/26/2011" "Linux" "OpenStack Swift"

.SH NAME
.LP
.B dispersion.conf
\- configuration file for the OpenStack Swift dispersion tools

.SH SYNOPSIS
.LP
.B dispersion.conf

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
This is the configuration file used by the dispersion populate and report tools.
The file format consists of the '[dispersion]' module as the header and available parameters.
Any line that begins with a '#' symbol is ignored.


.SH PARAMETERS
.PD 1
.RS 0
.IP "\fBauth_version\fR"
Authentication system API version. The default is 1.0.
.IP "\fBauth_url\fR"
Authentication system URL
.IP "\fBauth_user\fR"
Authentication system account/user name
.IP "\fBauth_key\fR"
Authentication system account/user password
.IP "\fBproject_name\fR"
Project name in case of keystone auth version 3
.IP "\fBproject_domain_name\fR"
Project domain name in case of keystone auth version 3
.IP "\fBuser_domain_name\fR"
User domain name in case of keystone auth version 3
.IP "\fBendpoint_type\fR"
The default is 'publicURL'.
.IP "\fBkeystone_api_insecure\fR"
The default is false.
.IP "\fBswift_dir\fR"
Location of OpenStack Swift configuration and ring files
.IP "\fBdispersion_coverage\fR"
Percentage of partition coverage to use. The default is 1.0.
.IP "\fBretries\fR"
Maximum number of attempts. The defaul is 5.
.IP "\fBconcurrency\fR"
Concurrency to use. The default is 25.
.IP "\fBcontainer_populate\fR"
The default is true.
.IP "\fBobject_populate\fR"
The default is true.
.IP "\fBdump_json\fR"
Whether to output in json format. The default is no.
.IP "\fBcontainer_report\fR"
Whether to run the container report. The default is yes.
.IP "\fBobject_report\fR"
Whether to run the object report. The default is yes.
.RE
.PD

.SH SAMPLE
.PD 0
.RS 0
.IP "[dispersion]"
.IP "auth_url = https://127.0.0.1:443/auth/v1.0"
.IP "auth_user = dpstats:dpstats"
.IP "auth_key = dpstats"
.IP "swift_dir = /etc/swift"
.IP "# keystone_api_insecure = no"
.IP "# project_name = dpstats"
.IP "# project_domain_name = default"
.IP "# user_domain_name = default"
.IP "# dispersion_coverage = 1.0"
.IP "# retries = 5"
.IP "# concurrency = 25"
.IP "# dump_json = no"
.IP "# container_report = yes"
.IP "# object_report = yes"
.RE
.PD


.SH DOCUMENTATION
.LP
More in depth documentation about the swift-dispersion utilities and
also OpenStack Swift as a whole can be found at
.BI https://docs.openstack.org/swift/latest/admin_guide.html#dispersion-report
and
.BI https://docs.openstack.org/swift/latest/


.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR swift-dispersion-report(1),
.BR swift-dispersion-populate(1)

