.\"
.\" Author: Joao Marcelo Martins <marcelo.martins@rackspace.com> or <btorch@gmail.com>
.\" Copyright (c) 2010-2012 OpenStack Foundation.
.\"
.\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.\" you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.\" You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
.\" implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.
.\"
.TH proxy-server.conf 5 "8/26/2011" "Linux" "OpenStack Swift"

.SH NAME
.LP
.B proxy-server.conf
\- configuration file for the OpenStack Swift proxy server



.SH SYNOPSIS
.LP
.B proxy-server.conf



.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
This is the configuration file used by the proxy server and other proxy middlewares.

The configuration file follows the python-pastedeploy syntax. The file is divided
into sections, which are enclosed by square brackets. Each section will contain a
certain number of key/value parameters which are described later.

Any line that begins with a '#' symbol is ignored.

You can find more information about python-pastedeploy configuration format at
\fIhttp://pythonpaste.org/deploy/#config-format\fR



.SH GLOBAL SECTION
.PD 1
.RS 0
This is indicated by section named [DEFAULT]. Below are the parameters that
are acceptable within this section.

.IP "\fBbind_ip\fR"
IP address the proxy server should bind to. The default is 0.0.0.0 which will make
it bind to all available addresses.
.IP "\fBbind_port\fR"
TCP port the proxy server should bind to. The default is 80.
.IP "\fBkeep_idle\fR"
Value to set for socket TCP_KEEPIDLE. The default value is 600.
.IP "\fBbind_timeout\fR"
Timeout to bind socket. The default is 30.
.IP \fBbacklog\fR
TCP backlog.  Maximum number of allowed pending connections. The default value is 4096.
.IP \fBadmin_key\fR
Key to use for admin calls that are HMAC signed.  Default is empty,
which will disable admin calls to /info.
.IP \fBdisallowed_sections\fR
Allows the ability to withhold sections from showing up in the public calls
to /info.  You can withhold subsections by separating the dict level with a
".".  The following would cause the sections 'container_quotas' and 'tempurl'
to not be listed, and the key max_failed_deletes would be removed from
bulk_delete.  Default value is 'swift.valid_api_versions' which allows all
registered features to be listed via HTTP GET /info except
swift.valid_api_versions information
.IP \fBworkers\fR
The number of pre-forked processes that will accept connections.  Zero means
no fork.  The default is auto which will make the server try to match the
number of effective cpu cores if python multiprocessing is available (included
with most python distributions >= 2.6) or fallback to one.  It's worth noting
that individual workers will use many eventlet co-routines to service multiple
concurrent requests.
.IP \fBmax_clients\fR
Maximum number of clients one worker can process simultaneously (it will
actually accept(2) N + 1). Setting this to one (1) will only handle one request
at a time, without accepting another request concurrently.  The default is 1024.
.IP \fBuser\fR
The system user that the proxy server will run as. The default is swift.
.IP \fBexpose_info\fR
Enables exposing configuration settings via HTTP GET /info. The default is true.
.IP \fBswift_dir\fR
Swift configuration directory. The default is /etc/swift.
.IP \fBcert_file\fR
Location of the SSL certificate file. The default path is /etc/swift/proxy.crt. This is
disabled by default.
.IP \fBkey_file\fR
Location of the SSL certificate key file. The default path is /etc/swift/proxy.key. This is
disabled by default.
.IP \fBexpiring_objects_container_divisor\fR
The default is 86400.
.IP \fBexpiring_objects_account_name\fR
The default is 'expiring_objects'.
.IP \fBlog_name\fR
Label used when logging. The default is swift.
.IP \fBlog_facility\fR
Syslog log facility. The default is LOG_LOCAL0.
.IP \fBlog_level\fR
Logging level. The default is INFO.
.IP \fBlog_address\fR
Logging address. The default is /dev/log.
.IP \fBlog_max_line_length\fR
To cap the length of log lines to the value given. No limit if set to 0, the default.
.IP \fBlog_headers\fR
The default is false.
.IP \fBlog_custom_handlers\fR
Comma separated list of functions to call to setup custom log handlers.
functions get passed: conf, name, log_to_console, log_route, fmt, logger,
adapted_logger. The default is empty.
.IP \fBlog_udp_host\fR
If set, log_udp_host will override log_address.
.IP "\fBlog_udp_port\fR
UDP log port, the default is 514.
.IP \fBlog_statsd_host\fR
StatsD server. IPv4/IPv6 addresses and hostnames are
supported. If a hostname resolves to an IPv4 and IPv6 address, the IPv4
address will be used.
.IP \fBlog_statsd_port\fR
The default is 8125.
.IP \fBlog_statsd_default_sample_rate\fR
The default is 1.
.IP \fBlog_statsd_sample_rate_factor\fR
The default is 1.
.IP \fBlog_statsd_metric_prefix\fR
The default is empty.
.IP \fBclient_timeout\fR
Time to wait while receiving each chunk of data from a client or another
backend node. The default is 60.
.IP \fBeventlet_debug\fR
Debug mode for eventlet library. The default is false.
.IP \fBtrans_id_suffix\fR
This optional suffix (default is empty) that would be appended to the swift transaction
id allows one to easily figure out from which cluster that X-Trans-Id belongs to.
This is very useful when one is managing more than one swift cluster.
.IP \fBcors_allow_origin\fR
List of origin hosts that are allowed for CORS requests in addition to what
the container has set. Use a comma separated list of full URL (http://foo.bar:1234,https://foo.bar)
.IP \fBstrict_cors_mode\fR
If True (default) then CORS requests are only allowed if their Origin header
matches an allowed origin. Otherwise, any Origin is allowed.
.IP \fBcors_expose_headers\fR
Comma separated list of headers to expose through Access-Control-Expose-Headers,
in addition to the defaults and any headers set in container metadata.
.IP \fBnice_priority\fR
Modify scheduling priority of server processes. Niceness values range from -20
(most favorable to the process) to 19 (least favorable to the process).
The default does not modify priority.
.IP \fBionice_class\fR
Modify I/O scheduling class of server processes. I/O niceness class values
are IOPRIO_CLASS_RT (realtime), IOPRIO_CLASS_BE (best-effort) and IOPRIO_CLASS_IDLE (idle).
The default does not modify class and priority.
Work only with ionice_priority.
.IP \fBionice_priority\fR
Modify I/O scheduling priority of server processes. I/O niceness priority
is a number which goes from 0 to 7. The higher the value, the lower
the I/O priority of the process. Work only with ionice_class.
Ignored if IOPRIO_CLASS_IDLE is set.
.RE
.PD



.SH PIPELINE SECTION
.PD 1
.RS 0
This is indicated by section name [pipeline:main]. Below are the parameters that
are acceptable within this section.

.IP "\fBpipeline\fR"
It is used when you need apply a number of filters. It is a list of filters
ended by an application. The normal pipeline is "catch_errors gatekeeper healthcheck proxy-logging cache container_sync bulk tempurl ratelimit tempauth container-quotas account-quotas slo dlo versioned_writes proxy-logging proxy-server".

Note: The double proxy-logging in the pipeline is not a mistake. The
left-most proxy-logging is there to log requests that were handled in
middleware and never made it through to the right-most middleware (and
proxy server). Double logging is prevented for normal requests. See
proxy-logging docs.
.RE
.PD



.SH FILTER SECTION
.PD 1
.RS 0
Any section that has its name prefixed by "filter:" indicates a filter section.
Filters are used to specify configuration parameters for specific swift middlewares.
Below are the filters available and respective acceptable parameters.
.IP "\fB[filter:healthcheck]\fR"
.RE
.RS 3
.IP "\fBuse\fR"
Entry point for paste.deploy for the healthcheck middleware. This is the reference to the installed python egg.
This is normally \fBegg:swift#healthcheck\fR.
.IP "\fBdisable_path\fR"
An optional filesystem path which, if present, will cause the healthcheck
URL to return "503 Service Unavailable" with a body of "DISABLED BY FILE".
.RE
.PD


.RS 0
.IP "\fB[filter:tempauth]\fR"
.RE
.RS 3
.IP \fBuse\fR
Entry point for paste.deploy for the tempauth middleware. This is the reference to the installed python egg.
This is normally \fBegg:swift#tempauth\fR.
.IP "\fBset log_name\fR"
Label used when logging. The default is tempauth.
.IP "\fBset log_facility\fR"
Syslog log facility. The default is LOG_LOCAL0.
.IP "\fBset log_level\fR "
Logging level. The default is INFO.
.IP "\fBset log_address\fR"
Logging address. The default is /dev/log.
.IP "\fBset log_headers\fR "
Enables the ability to log request headers. The default is False.
.IP \fBreseller_prefix\fR
The reseller prefix will verify a token begins with this prefix before even
attempting to validate it. Also, with authorization, only Swift storage accounts
with this prefix will be authorized by this middleware. Useful if multiple auth
systems are in use for one Swift cluster. The default is AUTH.
.IP \fBauth_prefix\fR
The auth prefix will cause requests beginning with this prefix to be routed
to the auth subsystem, for granting tokens, etc. The default is /auth/.
.IP \fBrequire_group\fR
The require_group parameter names a group that must be presented by
either X-Auth-Token or X-Service-Token. Usually this parameter is
used only with multiple reseller prefixes (e.g., SERVICE_require_group=blah).
By default, no group is needed. Do not use .admin.
.IP \fBtoken_life\fR
This is the time in seconds before the token expires. The default is 86400.
.IP \fBallow_overrides\fR
This allows middleware higher in the WSGI pipeline to override auth
processing, useful for middleware such as tempurl and formpost. If you know
you're not going to use such middleware and you want a bit of extra security,
you can set this to false. The default is true.
.IP \fBstorage_url_scheme\fR
This specifies what scheme to return with storage urls:
http, https, or default (chooses based on what the server is running as)
This can be useful with an SSL load balancer in front of a non-SSL server.
.IP \fBuser_<account>_<user>\fR
Lastly, you need to list all the accounts/users you want here. The format is:
user_<account>_<user> = <key> [group] [group] [...] [storage_url]
or if you want underscores in <account> or <user>, you can base64 encode them
(with no equal signs) and use this format:
user64_<account_b64>_<user_b64> = <key> [group] [group] [...] [storage_url]

There are special groups of: \fI.reseller_admin\fR who can do anything to any account for this auth
and also \fI.admin\fR who can do anything within the account.

If neither of these groups are specified, the user can only access containers that
have been explicitly allowed for them by a \fI.admin\fR or \fI.reseller_admin\fR.
The trailing optional storage_url allows you to specify an alternate URL to hand
back to the user upon authentication. If not specified, this defaults to
\fIhttp[s]://<ip>:<port>/v1/<reseller_prefix>_<account>\fR where http or https depends
on whether cert_file is specified in the [DEFAULT] section, <ip> and <port> are based
on the [DEFAULT] section's bind_ip and bind_port (falling back to 127.0.0.1 and 8080),
<reseller_prefix> is from this section, and <account> is from the user_<account>_<user> name.

Here are example entries, required for running the tests:
.RE

.PD 0
.RS 10
.IP "user_admin_admin = admin .admin .reseller_admin"
.IP "user_test_tester = testing .admin"
.IP "user_test2_tester2 = testing2 .admin"
.IP "user_test_tester3 = testing3"
.RE
.PD

.RS 0
.IP "\fB[filter:authtoken]\fR"
.RE

To enable Keystone authentication you need to have the auth token
middleware first to be configured. Here is an example below, please
refer to the keystone's documentation for details about the
different settings.

You'll need to have as well the keystoneauth middleware enabled
and have it in your main pipeline so instead of having tempauth in
there you can change it to: authtoken keystoneauth

The auth credentials ("project_domain_name", "user_domain_name", "username",
"project_name", "password")  must match the Keystone credentials for the Swift
service. The example values shown here assume a user named "swift" with admin
role on a project named "service", both being in the Keystone domain with id
"default". Refer to the KeystoneMiddleware documentation at
.BI https://docs.openstack.org/keystonemiddleware/latest/middlewarearchitecture.html#configuration
for other examples.

.PD 0
.RS 10
.IP "paste.filter_factory = keystonemiddleware.auth_token:filter_factory"
.IP "www_authenticate_uri = http://keystonehost:5000"
.IP "auth_url = http://keystonehost:35357"
.IP "auth_plugin = password"
.IP "project_domain_id = default"
.IP "user_domain_id = default"
.IP "project_name = service"
.IP "username = swift"
.IP "password = password"
.IP ""
.IP "# delay_auth_decision defaults to False, but leaving it as false will"
.IP "# prevent other auth systems, staticweb, tempurl, formpost, and ACLs from"
.IP "# working. This value must be explicitly set to True."
.IP "delay_auth_decision = False"
.IP
.IP "cache = swift.cache"
.IP "include_service_catalog = False"
.RE
.PD


.RS 0
.IP "\fB[filter:keystoneauth]\fR"
.RE

Keystone authentication middleware.

.RS 3
.IP \fBuse\fR
Entry point for paste.deploy for the keystoneauth middleware. This is the reference to the installed python egg.
This is normally \fBegg:swift#keystoneauth\fR.
.IP \fBreseller_prefix\fR
The reseller_prefix option lists account namespaces that this middleware is
responsible for. The prefix is placed before the Keystone project id.
For example, for project 12345678, and prefix AUTH, the account is
named AUTH_12345678 (i.e., path is /v1/AUTH_12345678/...).
Several prefixes are allowed by specifying a comma-separated list
as in: "reseller_prefix = AUTH, SERVICE". The empty string indicates a
single blank/empty prefix. If an empty prefix is required in a list of
prefixes, a value of '' (two single quote characters) indicates a
blank/empty prefix. Except for the blank/empty prefix, an underscore ('_')
character is appended to the value unless already present.
.IP \fBoperator_roles\fR
The user must have at least one role named by operator_roles on a
project in order to create, delete and modify containers and objects
and to set and read privileged headers such as ACLs.
If there are several reseller prefix items, you can prefix the
parameter so it applies only to those accounts (for example
the parameter SERVICE_operator_roles applies to the /v1/SERVICE_<project>
path). If you omit the prefix, the option applies to all reseller
prefix items. For the blank/empty prefix, prefix with '' (do not put
underscore after the two single quote characters).
.IP \fBreseller_admin_role\fR
The reseller admin role has the ability to create and delete accounts.
.IP \fBallow_overrides\fR
This allows middleware higher in the WSGI pipeline to override auth
processing, useful for middleware such as tempurl and formpost. If you know
you're not going to use such middleware and you want a bit of extra security,
you can set this to false.
.IP \fBservice_roles\fR
If the service_roles parameter is present, an X-Service-Token must be
present in the request that when validated, grants at least one role listed
in the parameter. The X-Service-Token may be scoped to any project.
If there are several reseller prefix items, you can prefix the
parameter so it applies only to those accounts (for example
the parameter SERVICE_service_roles applies to the /v1/SERVICE_<project>
path). If you omit the prefix, the option applies to all reseller
prefix items. For the blank/empty prefix, prefix with '' (do not put
underscore after the two single quote characters).
By default, no service_roles are required.
.IP \fBdefault_domain_id\fR
For backwards compatibility, keystoneauth will match names in cross-tenant
access control lists (ACLs) when both the requesting user and the tenant
are in the default domain i.e the domain to which existing tenants are
migrated. The default_domain_id value configured here should be the same as
the value used during migration of tenants to keystone domains.
.IP \fBallow_names_in_acls\fR
For a new installation, or an installation in which keystone projects may
move between domains, you should disable backwards compatible name matching
in ACLs by setting allow_names_in_acls to false:
.RE
.PD


.RS 0
.IP "\fB[filter:cache]\fR"
.RE

Caching middleware that manages caching in swift.

.RS 3
.IP \fBuse\fR
Entry point for paste.deploy for the memcache middleware. This is the reference to the installed python egg.
This is normally \fBegg:swift#memcache\fR.
.IP "\fBset log_name\fR"
Label used when logging. The default is memcache.
.IP "\fBset log_facility\fR"
Syslog log facility. The default is LOG_LOCAL0.
.IP "\fBset log_level\fR "
Logging level. The default is INFO.
.IP "\fBset log_address\fR"
Logging address. The default is /dev/log.
.IP "\fBset log_headers\fR"
Enables the ability to log request headers. The default is False.
.IP \fBmemcache_max_connections\fR
Sets the maximum number of connections to each memcached server per worker.
.IP \fBmemcache_servers\fR
If not set in the configuration file, the value for memcache_servers will be
read from /etc/swift/memcache.conf (see memcache.conf-sample) or lacking that
file, it will default to 127.0.0.1:11211. You can specify multiple servers
separated with commas, as in: 10.1.2.3:11211,10.1.2.4:11211.  (IPv6
addresses must follow rfc3986 section-3.2.2, i.e. [::1]:11211)
.IP \fBmemcache_serialization_support\fR
This sets how memcache values are serialized and deserialized:
.RE

.PD 0
.RS 10
.IP "0 = older, insecure pickle serialization"
.IP "1 = json serialization but pickles can still be read (still insecure)"
.IP "2 = json serialization only (secure and the default)"
.RE

.RS 10
To avoid an instant full cache flush, existing installations should upgrade with 0, then set to 1 and reload, then after some time (24 hours) set to 2 and reload. In the future, the ability to use pickle serialization will be removed.

If not set in the configuration file, the value for memcache_serialization_support will be read from /etc/swift/memcache.conf if it exists (see memcache.conf-sample). Otherwise, the default value as indicated above will be used.
.RE
.PD


.RS 0
.IP "\fB[filter:ratelimit]\fR"
.RE

Rate limits requests on both an Account and Container level.  Limits are configurable.

.RS 3
.IP \fBuse\fR
Entry point for paste.deploy for the ratelimit middleware. This is the reference to the installed python egg.
This is normally \fBegg:swift#ratelimit\fR.
.IP "\fBset log_name\fR"
Label used when logging. The default is ratelimit.
.IP "\fBset log_facility\fR"
Syslog log facility. The default is LOG_LOCAL0.
.IP "\fBset log_level\fR "
Logging level. The default is INFO.
.IP "\fBset log_address\fR"
Logging address. The default is /dev/log.
.IP "\fBset log_headers\fR "
Enables the ability to log request headers. The default is False.
.IP \fBclock_accuracy\fR
This should represent how accurate the proxy servers' system clocks are with each other.
1000 means that all the proxies' clock are accurate to each other within 1 millisecond.
No ratelimit should be higher than the clock accuracy. The default is 1000.
.IP \fBmax_sleep_time_seconds\fR
App will immediately return a 498 response if the necessary sleep time ever exceeds
the given max_sleep_time_seconds. The default is 60 seconds.
.IP \fBlog_sleep_time_seconds\fR
To allow visibility into rate limiting set this value > 0 and all sleeps greater than
the number will be logged. If set to 0 means disabled. The default is 0.
.IP \fBrate_buffer_seconds\fR
Number of seconds the rate counter can drop and be allowed to catch up
(at a faster than listed rate). A larger number will result in larger spikes in
rate but better average accuracy. The default is 5.
.IP \fBaccount_ratelimit\fR
If set, will limit PUT and DELETE requests to /account_name/container_name. Number is
in requests per second. If set to 0 means disabled. The default is 0.
.IP \fBcontainer_ratelimit_size\fR
When set with container_limit_x = r: for containers of size x, limit requests per second
to r. Will limit PUT, DELETE, and POST requests to /a/c/o. The default is ''.
.IP \fBcontainer_listing_ratelimit_size\fR
Similarly to the above container-level write limits, the following will limit
container GET (listing) requests.
.RE
.PD



.RS 0
.IP "\fB[filter:domain_remap]\fR"
.RE

Middleware that translates container and account parts of a domain to path parameters that the proxy server understands.
The container.account.storageurl/object gets translated to container.account.storageurl/path_root/account/container/object and account.storageurl/path_root/container/object gets translated to account.storageurl/path_root/account/container/object

.RS 3
.IP \fBuse\fR
Entry point for paste.deploy for the domain_remap middleware. This is the reference to the installed python egg.
This is normally \fBegg:swift#domain_remap\fR.
.IP "\fBset log_name\fR"
Label used when logging. The default is domain_remap.
.IP "\fBset log_facility\fR"
Syslog log facility. The default is LOG_LOCAL0.
.IP "\fBset log_level\fR "
Logging level. The default is INFO.
.IP "\fBset log_address\fR"
Logging address. The default is /dev/log.
.IP "\fBset log_headers\fR "
Enables the ability to log request headers. The default is False.
.IP \fBstorage_domain\fR
The domain to be used by the middleware. Multiple domains can be specified separated by a comma.
.IP \fBpath_root\fR
The path root value for the storage URL. The default is v1.
.IP \fBreseller_prefixes\fR
Browsers can convert a host header to lowercase, so check that reseller
prefix on the account is the correct case. This is done by comparing the
items in the reseller_prefixes config option to the found prefix. If they
match except for case, the item from reseller_prefixes will be used
instead of the found reseller prefix. When none match, the default reseller
prefix is used. When no default reseller prefix is configured, any request with
an account prefix not in that list will be ignored by this middleware.
Defaults to 'AUTH'.
.IP \fBdefault_reseller_prefix\fR
The default reseller prefix. This is used when none of the configured
reseller_prefixes match. When not set, no reseller prefix is added.
.RE
.PD


.RS 0
.IP "\fB[filter:catch_errors]\fR"
.RE
.RS 3
.IP \fBuse\fR
Entry point for paste.deploy for the catch_errors middleware. This is the reference to the installed python egg.
This is normally \fBegg:swift#catch_errors\fR.
.IP "\fBset log_name\fR"
Label used when logging. The default is catch_errors.
.IP "\fBset log_facility\fR"
Syslog log facility. The default is LOG_LOCAL0.
.IP "\fBset log_level\fR "
Logging level. The default is INFO.
.IP "\fBset log_address\fR "
Logging address. The default is /dev/log.
.IP "\fBset log_headers\fR"
Enables the ability to log request headers. The default is False.
.RE
.PD


.RS 0
.IP "\fB[filter:cname_lookup]\fR"
.RE

Note: this middleware requires python-dnspython

.RS 3
.IP \fBuse\fR
Entry point for paste.deploy for the cname_lookup middleware. This is the reference to the installed python egg.
This is normally \fBegg:swift#cname_lookup\fR.
.IP "\fBset log_name\fR"
Label used when logging. The default is cname_lookup.
.IP "\fBset log_facility\fR"
Syslog log facility. The default is LOG_LOCAL0.
.IP "\fBset log_level\fR "
Logging level. The default is INFO.
.IP "\fBset log_address\fR"
Logging address. The default is /dev/log.
.IP "\fBset log_headers\fR"
Enables the ability to log request headers. The default is False.
.IP \fBstorage_domain\fR
The domain to be used by the middleware.
.IP \fBlookup_depth\fR
How deep in the CNAME chain to look for something that matches the storage domain.
The default is 1.
.IP \fBnameservers\fR
Specify the nameservers to use to do the CNAME resolution. If unset, the system
configuration is used. Multiple nameservers can be specified separated by a comma.
Default is unset.
.RE
.PD


.RS 0
.IP "\fB[filter:staticweb]\fR"
.RE

Note: Put staticweb just after your auth filter(s) in the pipeline

.RS 3
.IP \fBuse\fR
Entry point for paste.deploy for the staticweb middleware. This is the reference to the installed python egg.
This is normally \fBegg:swift#staticweb\fR.
.IP "\fBset log_name\fR"
Label used when logging. The default is staticweb.
.IP "\fBset log_facility\fR"
Syslog log facility. The default is LOG_LOCAL0.
.IP "\fBset log_level\fR "
Logging level. The default is INFO.
.IP "\fBset log_address\fR "
Logging address. The default is /dev/log.
.IP "\fBset log_headers\fR"
Enables the ability to log request headers. The default is False.
.RE
.PD


.RS 0
.IP "\fB[filter:tempurl]\fR"
.RE

Note: Put tempurl before slo, dlo, and your auth filter(s) in the pipeline

.RS 3
.IP \fBuse\fR
Entry point for paste.deploy for the tempurl middleware. This is the reference to the installed python egg.
This is normally \fBegg:swift#tempurl\fR.
.IP \fBmethods\fR
The methods allowed with Temp URLs. The default is 'GET HEAD PUT POST DELETE'.
.IP \fBincoming_remove_headers\fR
The headers to remove from incoming requests. Simply a whitespace delimited list of header names and names can optionally end with '*' to indicate a prefix match. incoming_allow_headers is a list of exceptions to these removals.
.IP \fBincoming_allow_headers\fR
The headers allowed as exceptions to incoming_remove_headers. Simply a whitespace delimited list of header names and names can optionally end with '*' to indicate a prefix match.
.IP "\fBoutgoing_remove_headers\fR"
The headers to remove from outgoing responses. Simply a whitespace delimited list of header names and names can optionally end with '*' to indicate a prefix match. outgoing_allow_headers is a list of exceptions to these removals.
.IP "\fBoutgoing_allow_headers\fR"
The headers allowed as exceptions to outgoing_remove_headers. Simply a whitespace delimited list of header names and names can optionally end with '*' to indicate a prefix match.
.RE
.PD


.RS 0
.IP "\fB[filter:formpost]\fR"
.RE

Note: Put formpost just before your auth filter(s) in the pipeline

.RS 3
.IP \fBuse\fR
Entry point for paste.deploy for the formpost middleware. This is the reference to the installed python egg.
This is normally \fBegg:swift#formpost\fR.
.RE
.PD



.RS 0
.IP "\fB[filter:name_check]\fR"
.RE

Note: Just needs to be placed before the proxy-server in the pipeline.

.RS 3
.IP \fBuse\fR
Entry point for paste.deploy for the name_check middleware. This is the reference to the installed python egg.
This is normally \fBegg:swift#name_check\fR.
.IP \fBforbidden_chars\fR
Characters that will not be allowed in a name. The default is '"`<>.
.IP \fBmaximum_length\fR
Maximum number of characters that can be in the name. The default is 255.
.IP \fBforbidden_regexp\fR
Python regular expressions of substrings that will not be allowed in a name. The default is /\./|/\.\./|/\.$|/\.\.$.
.RE
.PD


.RS 0
.IP "\fB[filter:list-endpoints]\fR"
.RS 3
.IP \fBuse\fR
Entry point for paste.deploy for the list_endpoints middleware. This is the reference to the installed python egg.
This is normally \fBegg:swift#list_endpoints\fR.
.IP \fBlist_endpoints_path\fR
The default is '/endpoints/'.
.RE
.PD


.RS 0
.IP "\fB[filter:proxy-logging]\fR"
.RE

Logging for the proxy server now lives in this middleware.
If the access_* variables are not set, logging directives from [DEFAULT]
without "access_" will be used.

.RS 3
.IP \fBuse\fR
Entry point for paste.deploy for the proxy_logging middleware. This is the reference to the installed python egg.
This is normally \fBegg:swift#proxy_logging\fR.
.IP "\fBaccess_log_name\fR"
Label used when logging. The default is proxy-server.
.IP "\fBaccess_log_facility\fR"
Syslog log facility. The default is LOG_LOCAL0.
.IP "\fBaccess_log_level\fR "
Logging level. The default is INFO.
.IP \fBaccess_log_address\fR
Default is /dev/log.
.IP \fBaccess_log_udp_host\fR
If set, access_log_udp_host will override access_log_address.  Default is
unset.
.IP \fBaccess_log_udp_port\fR
Default is 514.
.IP \fBaccess_log_statsd_host\fR
You can use log_statsd_* from [DEFAULT], or override them here.
StatsD server. IPv4/IPv6 addresses and hostnames are
supported. If a hostname resolves to an IPv4 and IPv6 address, the IPv4
address will be used.
.IP \fBaccess_log_statsd_port\fR
Default is 8125.
.IP \fBaccess_log_statsd_default_sample_rate\fR
Default is 1.
.IP \fBaccess_log_statsd_sample_rate_factor\fR
The default is 1.
.IP \fBaccess_log_statsd_metric_prefix\fR
Default is "" (empty-string)
.IP \fBaccess_log_headers\fR
Default is False.
.IP \fBaccess_log_headers_only\fR
If access_log_headers is True and access_log_headers_only is set only
these headers are logged. Multiple headers can be defined as comma separated
list like this: access_log_headers_only = Host, X-Object-Meta-Mtime
.IP \fBreveal_sensitive_prefix\fR
By default, the X-Auth-Token is logged. To obscure the value,
set reveal_sensitive_prefix to the number of characters to log.
For example, if set to 12, only the first 12 characters of the
token appear in the log. An unauthorized access of the log file
won't allow unauthorized usage of the token. However, the first
12 or so characters is unique enough that you can trace/debug
token usage. Set to 0 to suppress the token completely (replaced
by '...' in the log). The default is 16 chars.
Note: reveal_sensitive_prefix will not affect the value logged with access_log_headers=True.
.IP \fBlog_statsd_valid_http_methods\fR
What HTTP methods are allowed for StatsD logging (comma-sep); request methods
not in this list will have "BAD_METHOD" for the <verb> portion of the metric.
Default is "GET,HEAD,POST,PUT,DELETE,COPY,OPTIONS".
.RE
.PD


.RS 0
.IP "\fB[filter:bulk]\fR"
.RE

Note: Put before both ratelimit and auth in the pipeline.

.RS 3
.IP \fBuse\fR
Entry point for paste.deploy for the bulk middleware. This is the reference to the installed python egg.
This is normally \fBegg:swift#bulk\fR.
.IP \fBmax_containers_per_extraction\fR
The default is 10000.
.IP \fBmax_failed_extractions\fR
The default is 1000.
.IP \fBmax_deletes_per_request\fR
The default is 10000.
.IP \fBmax_failed_deletes\fR
The default is 1000.

In order to keep a connection active during a potentially long bulk request,
Swift may return whitespace prepended to the actual response body. This
whitespace will be yielded no more than every yield_frequency seconds.
The default is 10.
.IP \fByield_frequency\fR

.IP \fBdelete_container_retry_count\fR
Note: This parameter is used during a bulk delete of objects and
their container. This would frequently fail because it is very likely
that all replicated objects have not been deleted by the time the middleware got a
successful response. It can be configured the number of retries. And the
number of seconds to wait between each retry will be 1.5**retry
The default is 0.
.RE
.PD


.RS 0
.IP "\fB[filter:slo]\fR"
.RE

Note: Put after auth and staticweb in the pipeline.

.RS 3
.IP \fBuse\fR
Entry point for paste.deploy for the slo middleware. This is the reference to the installed python egg.
This is normally \fBegg:swift#slo\fR.
.IP \fBmax_manifest_segments\fR
The default is 1000.
.IP \fBmax_manifest_size\fR
The default is 2097152.
.IP \fBmin_segment_size\fR
The default is 1048576
.IP \fBrate_limit_after_segment\fR
Start rate-limiting object segments after the Nth segment of a segmented
object. The default is 10 segments.
.IP \fBrate_limit_segments_per_sec\fR
Once segment rate-limiting kicks in for an object, limit segments served to N
per second. The default is 1.
.IP \fBmax_get_time\fR
Time limit on GET requests (seconds). The default is 86400.
.RE
.PD


.RS 0
.IP "\fB[filter:dlo]\fR"
.RE

Note: Put after auth and staticweb in the pipeline.
If you don't put it in the pipeline, it will be inserted for you.

.RS 3
.IP \fBuse\fR
Entry point for paste.deploy for the dlo middleware. This is the reference to the installed python egg.
This is normally \fBegg:swift#dlo\fR.
.IP \fBrate_limit_after_segment\fR
Start rate-limiting object segments after the Nth segment of a segmented
object. The default is 10 segments.
.IP \fBrate_limit_segments_per_sec\fR
Once segment rate-limiting kicks in for an object, limit segments served to N
per second. The default is 1.
.IP \fBmax_get_time\fR
Time limit on GET requests (seconds). The default is 86400.
.RE
.PD


.RS 0
.IP "\fB[filter:container-quotas]\fR"
.RE

Note: Put after auth in the pipeline.

.RS 3
.IP \fBuse\fR
Entry point for paste.deploy for the container_quotas middleware. This is the reference to the installed python egg.
This is normally \fBegg:swift#container_quotas\fR.
.RE
.PD


.RS 0
.IP "\fB[filter:account-quotas]\fR"
.RE

Note: Put after auth in the pipeline.

.RS 3
.IP \fBuse\fR
Entry point for paste.deploy for the account_quotas middleware. This is the reference to the installed python egg.
This is normally \fBegg:swift#account_quotas\fR.
.RE
.PD


.RS 0
.IP "\fB[filter:gatekeeper]\fR"
.RE

Note: this middleware requires python-dnspython

.RS 3
.IP \fBuse\fR
Entry point for paste.deploy for the gatekeeper middleware. This is the reference to the installed python egg.
This is normally \fBegg:swift#gatekeeper\fR.
.IP "\fBset log_name\fR"
Label used when logging. The default is gatekeeper.
.IP "\fBset log_facility\fR"
Syslog log facility. The default is LOG_LOCAL0.
.IP "\fBset log_level\fR "
Logging level. The default is INFO.
.IP "\fBset log_address\fR"
Logging address. The default is /dev/log.
.IP "\fBset log_headers\fR"
Enables the ability to log request headers. The default is False.
.RE
.PD


.RS 0
.IP "\fB[filter:container_sync]\fR"
.RE

Note: this middleware requires python-dnspython

.RS 3
.IP \fBuse\fR
Entry point for paste.deploy for the container_sync middleware. This is the reference to the installed python egg.
This is normally \fBegg:swift#container_sync\fR.
.IP \fBallow_full_urls\fR
Set this to false if you want to disallow any full URL values to be set for
any new X-Container-Sync-To headers. This will keep any new full urls from
coming in, but won't change any existing values already in the cluster.
Updating those will have to be done manually, as knowing what the true realm
endpoint should be cannot always be guessed. The default is true.
.IP \fBcurrent\fR
Set this to specify this clusters //realm/cluster as "current" in /info
.RE
.PD


.RS 0
.IP "\fB[filter:xprofile]\fR"
.RE

Note: Put it at the beginning of the pipeline to profile all middleware. But it is safer to put this after healthcheck.

.RS 3
.IP "\fBuse\fR"
Entry point for paste.deploy for the xprofile middleware. This is the reference to the installed python egg.
This is normally \fBegg:swift#xprofile\fR.
.IP "\fBprofile_module\fR"
This option enable you to switch profilers which should inherit from python
standard profiler. Currently the supported value can be 'cProfile', 'eventlet.green.profile' etc.
.IP "\fBlog_filename_prefix\fR"
This prefix will be used to combine process ID and timestamp to name the
profile data file.  Make sure the executing user has permission to write
into this path (missing path segments will be created, if necessary).
If you enable profiling in more than one type of daemon, you must override
it with an unique value like, the default is /var/log/swift/profile/account.profile.
.IP "\fBdump_interval\fR"
The profile data will be dumped to local disk based on above naming rule
in this interval. The default is 5.0.
.IP "\fBdump_timestamp\fR"
Be careful, this option will enable profiler to dump data into the file with
time stamp which means there will be lots of files piled up in the directory.
The default is false
.IP "\fBpath\fR"
This is the path of the URL to access the mini web UI. The default is __profile__.
.IP "\fBflush_at_shutdown\fR"
Clear the data when the wsgi server shutdown. The default is false.
.IP "\fBunwind\fR"
Unwind the iterator of applications. Default is false.
.RE
.PD


.RS 0
.IP "\fB[filter:versioned_writes]\fR"
.RE

Note: Put after slo, dlo in the pipeline.
If you don't put it in the pipeline, it will be inserted automatically.

.RS 3
.IP \fBuse\fR
Entry point for paste.deploy for the versioned_writes middleware. This is the reference to the installed python egg.
This is normally \fBegg:swift#versioned_writes\fR.
.IP \fBallow_versioned_writes\fR
Enables using versioned writes middleware and exposing configuration settings via HTTP GET /info.
WARNING: Setting this option bypasses the "allow_versions" option
in the container configuration file, which will be eventually
deprecated. See documentation for more details.
.RE
.PD


.SH APP SECTION
.PD 1
.RS 0
This is indicated by section name [app:proxy-server]. Below are the parameters
that are acceptable within this section.
.IP \fBuse\fR
Entry point for paste.deploy for the proxy server. This is the reference to the installed python egg.
This is normally \fBegg:swift#proxy\fR.
.IP "\fBset log_name\fR"
Label used when logging. The default is proxy-server.
.IP "\fBset log_facility\fR"
Syslog log facility. The default is LOG_LOCAL0.
.IP "\fBset log_level\fR"
Logging level. The default is INFO.
.IP "\fBset log_address\fR"
Logging address. The default is /dev/log.
.IP \fBlog_handoffs\fR
Log when handoff locations are used.  Default is True.
.IP \fBrecheck_account_existence\fR
Cache timeout in seconds to send memcached for account existence. The default is 60 seconds.
.IP \fBrecheck_container_existence\fR
Cache timeout in seconds to send memcached for container existence. The default is 60 seconds.
.IP \fBobject_chunk_size\fR
Chunk size to read from object servers. The default is 65536.
.IP \fBclient_chunk_size\fR
Chunk size to read from clients. The default is 65536.
.IP \fBnode_timeout\fR
Request timeout to external services. The default is 10 seconds.
.IP \fBrecoverable_node_timeout\fR
How long the proxy server will wait for an initial response and to read a
chunk of data from the object servers while serving GET / HEAD requests.
Timeouts from these requests can be recovered from so setting this to
something lower than node_timeout would provide quicker error recovery
while allowing for a longer timeout for non-recoverable requests (PUTs).
Defaults to node_timeout, should be overridden if node_timeout is set to a
high number to prevent client timeouts from firing before the proxy server
has a chance to retry.
.IP \fBconn_timeout\fR
Connection timeout to external services. The default is 0.5 seconds.
.IP \fBpost_quorum_timeout\fR
How long to wait for requests to finish after a quorum has been established. The default is 0.5 seconds.
.IP \fBerror_suppression_interval\fR
Time in seconds that must elapse since the last error for a node to
be considered no longer error limited. The default is 60 seconds.
.IP \fBerror_suppression_limit\fR
Error count to consider a node error limited. The default is 10.
.IP \fBallow_account_management\fR
Whether account PUTs and DELETEs are even callable. If set to 'true' any authorized
user may create and delete accounts; if 'false' no one, even authorized, can. The default
is false.
.IP \fBaccount_autocreate\fR
If set to 'true' authorized accounts that do not yet exist within the Swift cluster
will be automatically created. The default is set to false.
.IP \fBauto_create_account_prefix\fR
Prefix used when automatically creating accounts. The default is '.'.
.IP \fBmax_containers_per_account\fR
If set to a positive value, trying to create a container when the account
already has at least this maximum containers will result in a 403 Forbidden.
Note: This is a soft limit, meaning a user might exceed the cap for
recheck_account_existence before the 403s kick in.
.IP \fBmax_containers_whitelist\fR
This is a comma separated list of account hashes that ignore the max_containers_per_account cap.
.IP \fBdeny_host_headers\fR
Comma separated list of Host headers to which the proxy will deny requests. The default is empty.
.IP \fBput_queue_depth\fR
Depth of the proxy put queue. The default is 10.
.IP \fBsorting_method\fR
Storage nodes can be chosen at random (shuffle - default), by using timing
measurements (timing), or by using an explicit match (affinity).
Using timing measurements may allow for lower overall latency, while
using affinity allows for finer control. In both the timing and
affinity cases, equally-sorting nodes are still randomly chosen to
spread load.
The valid values for sorting_method are "affinity", "shuffle", and "timing".
.IP \fBtiming_expiry\fR
If the "timing" sorting_method is used, the timings will only be valid for
the number of seconds configured by timing_expiry. The default is 300.
.IP \fBconcurrent_gets\fR
If "on" then use replica count number of threads concurrently during a GET/HEAD
and return with the first successful response. In the EC case, this parameter
only affects an EC HEAD as an EC GET behaves differently. Default is "off".
.IP \fBconcurrency_timeout\fR
This parameter controls how long to wait before firing off the next
concurrent_get thread. A value of 0 would we fully concurrent, any other number
will stagger the firing of the threads. This number should be between 0 and
node_timeout. The default is the value of conn_timeout (0.5).
.IP \fBrequest_node_count\fR
Set to the number of nodes to contact for a normal request. You can use '* replicas'
at the end to have it use the number given times the number of
replicas for the ring being used for the request. The default is '2 * replicas'.
.IP \fBread_affinity\fR
Specifies which backend servers to prefer on reads. Format is a comma
separated list of affinity descriptors of the form <selection>=<priority>.
The <selection> may be r<N> for selecting nodes in region N or r<N>z<M> for
selecting nodes in region N, zone M. The <priority> value should be a whole
number that represents the priority to be given to the selection; lower numbers
are higher priority. Default is empty, meaning no preference.

Example: first read from region 1 zone 1, then region 1 zone 2, then anything
in region 2, then everything else:

.PD 0
.RS 10
.IP "read_affinity = r1z1=100, r1z2=200, r2=300"
.RE
.PD
.IP \fBwrite_affinity\fR
Specifies which backend servers to prefer on writes. Format is a comma
separated list of affinity descriptors of the form r<N> for region N or
r<N>z<M> for region N, zone M. If this is set, then when handling an object
PUT request, some number (see setting write_affinity_node_count) of local
backend servers will be tried before any nonlocal ones. Default is empty,
meaning no preference.

Example: try to write to regions 1 and 2 before writing to any other
nodes:

.PD 0
.RS 10
write_affinity = r1, r2
.RE
.PD
.IP \fBwrite_affinity_node_count\fR
The number of local (as governed by the write_affinity setting) nodes to
attempt to contact first on writes, before any non-local ones. The value
should be an integer number, or use '* replicas' at the end to have it use
the number given times the number of replicas for the ring being used for the
request. The default is '2 * replicas'.
.IP \fBswift_owner_headers\fR
These are the headers whose values will only be shown to swift_owners. The
exact definition of a swift_owner is up to the auth system in use, but
usually indicates administrative responsibilities.
The default is 'x-container-read, x-container-write, x-container-sync-key, x-container-sync-to, x-account-meta-temp-url-key, x-account-meta-temp-url-key-2, x-container-meta-temp-url-key, x-container-meta-temp-url-key-2, x-account-access-control'.
.IP \fBrate_limit_after_segment\fR
Start rate-limiting object segments after the Nth segment of a segmented
object.  The default is 10 segments.
.IP \fBrate_limit_segments_per_sec\fR
Once segment rate-limiting kicks in for an object, limit segments served to N
per second.  The default is 1.
.IP \fBnice_priority\fR
Modify scheduling priority of server processes. Niceness values range from -20
(most favorable to the process) to 19 (least favorable to the process).
The default does not modify priority.
.IP \fBionice_class\fR
Modify I/O scheduling class of server processes. I/O niceness class values
are IOPRIO_CLASS_RT (realtime), IOPRIO_CLASS_BE (best-effort) and IOPRIO_CLASS_IDLE (idle).
The default does not modify class and priority.
Work only with ionice_priority.
.IP \fBionice_priority\fR
Modify I/O scheduling priority of server processes. I/O niceness priority
is a number which goes from 0 to 7. The higher the value, the lower
the I/O priority of the process. Work only with ionice_class.
Ignored if IOPRIO_CLASS_IDLE is set.
.RE
.PD

.SH DOCUMENTATION
.LP
More in depth documentation about the swift-proxy-server and
also OpenStack Swift as a whole can be found at
.BI https://docs.openstack.org/swift/latest/admin_guide.html
and
.BI https://docs.openstack.org/swift/latest/

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR swift-proxy-server(1)
