.\"
.\" Author: Joao Marcelo Martins <marcelo.martins@rackspace.com> or <btorch@gmail.com>
.\" Copyright (c) 2010-2011 OpenStack, LLC.
.\"
.\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.\" you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.\" You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
.\" implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.
.\"  
.TH swift 1 "8/26/2011" "Linux" "OpenStack Swift"

.SH NAME 
.LP
.B swift
\- Openstack-swift swift tool 

.SH SYNOPSIS
.LP
.B swift
[options] <command> [args]

.SH DESCRIPTION 
.PP
The swift tool is a command line interface script for communicating with 
an openstack-swift object storage environment. It allows one to perform 
several types of operations.

.SH COMMANDS
.PP 

\fBstat\fR [\fIcontainer\fR] [\fIobject\fR]
.RS 4
Displays information for the account, container, or object depending on the args given (if any).
.RE

\fBlist\fR [\fIcommand-options\fR] [\fIcontainer\fR]
.RS 4
Lists the containers for the account or the objects for a container. The -p or --prefix is an option that will only list items beginning 
with that prefix. The -d or --delimiter is option (for container listings only) 
that will roll up items with the given delimiter (see Cloud Files general 
documentation for what this means).
.RE    

\fBupload\fR [\fIcommand-options\fR] container file_or_directory [\fIfile_or_directory\fR] [...]
.RS 4
Uploads to the given container the files and directories specified by the 
remaining args. The -c or --changed is an option that will only upload files 
that have changed since the last upload. The -S <size> or --segment-size <size> 
and --leave-segments are options as well (see --help for more).
.RE

\fBpost\fR [\fIcommand-options\fR] [\fIcontainer\fR] [\fIobject\fR]
.RS 4
Updates meta information for the account, container, or object depending
on the args given. If the container is not found, it will be created
automatically; but this is not true for accounts and objects. Containers 
also allow the -r (or --read-acl) and -w (or --write-acl) options. The -m
or --meta option is allowed on all and used to define the user meta data
items to set in the form Name:Value. This option can be repeated. 
\fBExample\fR: post -m Color:Blue -m Size:Large
.RE    
    
\fBdownload\fR [\fIcommand-options\fR] [\fIcontainer\fR] [\fIobject\fR] [\fIobject\fR] [...]
.RS 4
Downloads everything in the account (with --all), or everything in a
container, or a list of objects depending on the args given. For a single
object download, you may use the -o [--output] <filename> option to
redirect the output to a specific file or if "-" then just redirect to stdout.
.RE

\fBdelete\fR [\fIcommand-options\fR] [\fIcontainer\fR] [\fIobject\fR] [\fIobject\fR] [...]
.RS 4
Deletes everything in the account (with --all), or everything in a container,
or a list of objects depending on the args given. Segments of manifest objects
will be deleted as well, unless you specify the --leave-segments option.
.RE 

.SH OPTIONS
.PD 0 
.IP "--version              Show program's version number and exit"
.IP "-h, --help             Show this help message and exit"
.IP "-s, --snet             Use SERVICENET internal network"
.IP "-v, --verbose          Print more info"
.IP "-q, --quiet            Suppress status output"
.IP "-A AUTH, --auth=AUTH   URL for obtaining an auth token "
.IP "-U USER, --user=USER   User name for obtaining an auth token"
.IP "-K KEY, --key=KEY      Key for obtaining an auth token"
.PD 

.SH EXAMPLE
.PP 
swift -A https://127.0.0.1:443/auth/v1.0 -U swiftops:swiftops -K swiftops stat

.RS 2
.PD 0 
.IP "Account: AUTH_43b42dae-dc0b-4a4b-ac55-97de614d6e6e"
.IP "Containers: 1"
.IP "Objects: 1"
.IP "Bytes: 1124"
.IP "Accept-Ranges: bytes"
.IP "X-Trans-Id: txb21186a9eef64ed295a1e95896a0fc72"
.PD 
.RE 

  
.SH DOCUMENTATION
.LP
More in depth documentation about Openstack-Swift as a whole can be found at 
.BI http://swift.openstack.org


.LP 

