.\"
.\" Author: Joao Marcelo Martins <marcelo.martins@rackspace.com> or <btorch@gmail.com>
.\" Copyright (c) 2010-2012 OpenStack Foundation.
.\"
.\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.\" you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.\" You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
.\" implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.
.\"
.TH swift-account-replicator 1 "8/26/2011" "Linux" "OpenStack Swift"

.SH NAME
.LP
.B swift-account-replicator
\- OpenStack Swift account replicator

.SH SYNOPSIS
.LP
.B swift-account-replicator
[CONFIG] [-h|--help] [-v|--verbose] [-o|--once]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Replication is designed to keep the system in a consistent state in the face of
temporary error conditions like network outages or drive failures. The replication
processes compare local data with each remote copy to ensure they all contain the
latest version. Account replication uses a combination of hashes and shared high
water marks to quickly compare subsections of each partition.
.PP
Replication updates are push based. Account replication push missing records over
HTTP or rsync whole database files. The replicator also ensures that data is removed
from the system. When an account item is deleted a tombstone is set as the latest
version of the item. The replicator will see the tombstone and ensure that the item
is removed from the entire system.

The options are as follows:

.RS 4
.PD 0
.IP "-v"
.IP "--verbose"
.RS 4
.IP "log to console"
.RE
.IP "-o"
.IP "--once"
.RS 4
.IP "only run one pass of daemon"
.RE
.PD
.RE


.SH DOCUMENTATION
.LP
More in depth documentation in regards to
.BI swift-account-replicator
and also about OpenStack Swift as a whole can be found at
.BI https://docs.openstack.org/swift/latest/


.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR account-server.conf(5)
