.\"
.\" Author: Nandini Tata <nandini.tata@intel.com>
.\" Copyright (c) 2016 OpenStack Foundation.
.\"
.\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.\" you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.\" You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
.\" implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.
.\"
.TH swift.conf 5 "8/8/2016" "Linux" "OpenStack Swift"

.SH NAME
.LP
.B swift.conf
\- common configuration file for the OpenStack object storage services



.SH SYNOPSIS
.LP
.B swift.conf



.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
This is the common configuration file used by all services of OpenStack object
storage services.

The configuration file follows the python-pastedeploy syntax. The file is
divided into sections, which are enclosed by square brackets. Each section
will contain a certain number of key/value parameters which are described
later.

Any line that begins with a '#' symbol is ignored.

You can find more information about python-pastedeploy configuration format at
\fIhttp://pythonpaste.org/deploy/#config-format\fR



.SH SWIFT HASH SECTION
.PD 1
.RS 0
This is indicated by section named [swift-hash]. Below are the parameters that
are acceptable within this section:

.PD 0
.IP "\fBswift_hash_path_suffix\fR"
.IP "\fBswift_hash_path_prefix\fR"
.PD

swift_hash_path_suffix and swift_hash_path_prefix are used as part of the
hashing algorithm when determining data placement in the cluster.
These values should remain secret and MUST NOT change once a cluster has been
deployed.

Use only printable chars (python -c "import string; print(string.printable)").



.SH STORAGE POLICY SECTION
.PD 1
.RS 0
This is indicated by section name [storage-policy:#]

Storage policies are defined here and they determine various characteristics
about how objects are stored and treated. Policies are specified by name on
a per container basis. The policy index is specified in the section header
and is used internally. The policy with index 0 is always used for legacy
containers and can be given a name for use in metadata; however, the ring file
name will always be 'object.ring.gz' for backwards compatibility. If no
policies are defined, a policy with index 0 will be automatically created for
backwards compatibility and given the name Policy-0. A default policy is used
when creating new containers when no policy is specified in the request. If
no other policies are defined, the policy with index 0 will be declared the
default. If multiple policies are defined, you must define a policy with index
0 and you must specify a default. It is recommended you always define a
section for storage-policy:0. Aliases are not mandatory when defining a
storage policy.

.IP "\fB[storage-policy:index]\fR"
Each storage policy is defined in a separate section with an index specified
in the header. Below are the parameters that are acceptable within this
section:

.IP "\fBname\fR"
Name of the storage policy. Policy names are case insensitive.
.IP "\fBaliases\fR"
Multiple names can be assigned to one policy using aliases. All names must
follow the Swift naming rules.
.IP "\fBpolicy_type\fR"
Policy type can be replication or erasure_coding. Replication policy
replicates the objects to specified number of replicas. Erasure coding uses
PyECLib API library for encode/decode operations. Please refer to Swift
documentation for details on how erasure coding is implemented.
.IP "\fBec_type\fR"
This parameter must be chosen from the list of EC backends supported by
PyECLib.
.IP "\fBec_num_data_fragments\fR"
This parameter is specific to 'erasure coding' policy_type only. It defines
the number of fragments that will be comprised of data.
.IP "\fBec_num_parity_fragments\fR"
This parameter is specific to 'erasure coding' policy_type only. It defines
the number of fragments that will be comprised of parity.
.IP "\fBec_object_segment_size\fR"
This parameter is specific to 'erasure coding' policy_type only. It defines
the amount of data that will be buffered up before feeding a segment into the
encoder/decoder. The default value is 1048576.
.IP "\fIExamples:\fR"

.PD 0
.IP "[storage-policy:0]"
.IP "name = Policy-0"
.IP "default = yes"
.IP "policy_type = replication"
.IP "aliases = yellow, orange"

.IP "[storage-policy:1]"
.IP "name = silver"
.IP "policy_type = replication"

.IP "[storage-policy:2]"
.IP "name = deepfreeze10-4"
.IP "aliases = df10-4"
.IP "policy_type = erasure_coding"
.IP "ec_type = liberasurecode_rs_vand"
.IP "ec_num_data_fragments = 10"
.IP "ec_num_parity_fragments = 4"
.IP "ec_object_segment_size = 1048576"
.PD
.RE
.PD



.SH SWIFT CONSTRAINTS SECTION
.PD 1
.RS 0
This is indicated by section name [swift-constraints]. This section sets the
basic constraints on data saved in the swift cluster. These constraints are
automatically published by the proxy server in responses to /info requests.
Below are the parameters that are acceptable within this section:
.IP "\fBmax_file_size\fR"
max_file_size is the largest "normal" object that can be saved in the cluster.
This is also the limit on the size of each segment of a "large" object when
using the large object manifest support. This value is set in bytes. Setting
it to lower than 1MiB will cause some tests to fail. It is STRONGLY
recommended to leave this value at the default (5 * 2**30 + 2).
.IP "\fBmax_meta_name_length\fR"
max_meta_name_length is the max number of bytes in the utf8 encoding of the
name portion of a metadata header.
.IP "\fBmax_meta_value_length\fR"
max_meta_value_length is the max number of bytes in the utf8 encoding of a
metadata value.
.IP "\fBmax_meta_count\fR"
max_meta_count is the max number of metadata keys that can be stored on a
single account, container, or object.
.IP "\fBmax_meta_overall_size\fR"
max_meta_overall_size is the max number of bytes in the utf8 encoding of the
metadata (keys + values).
.IP "\fBmax_header_size\fR"
max_header_size is the max number of bytes in the utf8 encoding of each
header. Using 8192 as default because eventlet uses 8192 as max size of header
line. This value may need to be increased when using identity v3 API tokens
including more than 7 catalog entries.
.IP "\fBextra_header_count\fR"
By default the maximum number of allowed headers depends on the number of max
allowed metadata settings plus a default value of 36 for swift internally
generated headers and regular http headers. If for some reason this is not
enough (custom middleware for example) it can be increased with the
extra_header_count constraint.
.IP "\fBmax_object_name_length\fR"
max_object_name_length is the max number of bytes in the utf8 encoding of an
object name.
.IP "\fBcontainer_listing_limit\fR"
container_listing_limit is the default (and max) number of items returned for
a container listing request.
.IP "\fBaccount_listing_limit\fR"
account_listing_limit is the default (and max) number of items returned for an
account listing request.
.IP "\fBmax_account_name_length\fR"
max_account_name_length is the max number of bytes in the utf8 encoding of an
account name.
.IP "\fBmax_container_name_length\fR"
max_container_name_length is the max number of bytes in the utf8 encoding of a
container name.
.IP "\fBvalid_api_versions\fR"
By default, all REST API calls should use "v1" or "v1.0" as the version string,
for example "/v1/account". This can be manually overridden to make this
backward-compatible, in case a different version string has been used before.
Use a comma-separated list in case of multiple allowed versions, for example
valid_api_versions = v0,v1,v2.
This is only enforced for account, container and object requests. The allowed
api versions are by default excluded from /info.



.SH DOCUMENTATION
.LP
More in depth documentation about the swift.conf and also OpenStack-Swift as a
whole can be found at
.BI https://docs.openstack.org/swift/latest/admin_guide.html
and
.BI https://docs.openstack.org/swift/latest/
