.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 2016 OpenStack Foundation.
.\"
.\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.\" you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.\" You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
.\" implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.
.\"
.TH SWIFT-TEMP-URL "1" "August 2016" "OpenStack Swift"

.SH NAME
swift\-temp\-url \- generates the query parameters for OpenStack Swift Temporary URL middleware

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Tool that generates the query parameters which can be used to access Swift
objects directly from a browser by using the Temporary URL middleware.

.B NOTE: This command is deprecated and will be removed
.B in the future. Please use 'swift tempurl' instead.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B swift\-temp\-url
\fImethod\fR \fIseconds\fR \fIpath\fR \fIkey\fR

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.I method
The method to allow; GET for example.
.TP
.I seconds
The number of seconds from now to allow requests.
.TP
.I path
The full path to the resource.
Example: \fI/v1/AUTH_account/c/o\fP
.TP
.I key
The X\-Account\-Meta\-Temp\-URL\-Key for the account.

.SH DOCUMENTATION
.LP
More in depth documentation in regards to 
.BI swift\-temp\-url
and also about OpenStack Swift as a whole can be found at 
.BI http://swift.openstack.org/index.html
and 
.BI http://docs.openstack.org
