.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 2016 OpenStack Foundation.
.\"
.\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.\" you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.\" You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
.\" implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.
.\"
.TH SWIFT-OBJECT-RECONSTRUCTOR "1" "August 2016" "OpenStack Swift"

.SH NAME
swift\-object\-reconstructor \- OpenStack Swift EC object reconstructor

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B swift\-object\-reconstructor
\fICONFIG \fR[\fIoptions\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Daemon for reconstruction of EC objects. Once a pair of nodes has
determined the need to replace a missing object fragment, instead of
pushing over a copy like replication would do, the reconstructor has to
read in enough surviving fragments from other nodes and perform a local
reconstruction before it has the correct data to push to the other node.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Show this help message and exit
.TP
\fB\-d\fR \fIDEVICES\fR, \fB\-\-devices\fR=\fIDEVICES\fR
Reconstruct only given devices. Comma\-separated list. Only has effect if
\-\-once is used.
.TP
\fB\-p\fR \fIPARTITIONS\fR, \fB\-\-partitions\fR=\fIPARTITIONS\fR
Reconstruct only given partitions. Comma\-separated
list. Only has effect if \-\-once is used.
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-verbose\fR
Log to console
.TP
\fB\-o\fR, \fB\-\-once\fR
Only run one pass of daemon
.PP

.SH DOCUMENTATION
.LP
More in depth documentation in regards to
.BI swift\-object\-reconstructor
and also about OpenStack Swift as a whole can be found at
.BI https://docs.openstack.org/swift/latest/
and
.BI https://docs.openstack.org
