.\"
.\" Author: Joao Marcelo Martins <marcelo.martins@rackspace.com> or <btorch@gmail.com>
.\" Copyright (c) 2012 OpenStack Foundation.
.\"
.\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.\" you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.\" You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
.\" implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.
.\"
.TH swift-object-expirer 1 "3/15/2012" "Linux" "OpenStack Swift"

.SH NAME
.LP
.B swift-object-expirer
\- OpenStack Swift object expirer

.SH SYNOPSIS
.LP
.B swift-object-expirer
[CONFIG] [-h|--help] [-v|--verbose] [-o|--once]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The swift-object-expirer offers scheduled deletion of objects. The Swift client would
use the X-Delete-At or X-Delete-After headers during an object PUT or POST and the
cluster would automatically quit serving that object at the specified time and would
shortly thereafter remove the object from the system.

The X-Delete-At header takes a Unix Epoch timestamp, in integer form; for example:
1317070737 represents Mon Sep 26 20:58:57 2011 UTC.

The X-Delete-After header takes an integer number of seconds. The proxy server
that receives the request will convert this header into an X-Delete-At header
using its current time plus the value given.

The options are as follows:

.RS 4
.PD 0
.IP "-v"
.IP "--verbose"
.RS 4
.IP "log to console"
.RE
.IP "-o"
.IP "--once"
.RS 4
.IP "only run one pass of daemon"
.RE
.PD
.RE


.SH DOCUMENTATION
.LP
More in depth documentation in regards to
.BI swift-object-expirer
can be found at
.BI https://docs.openstack.org/swift/latest/overview_expiring_objects.html
and also about OpenStack Swift as a whole can be found at
.BI https://docs.openstack.org/swift/latest/


.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR object-expirer.conf(5)

