.\"
.\" Author: Joao Marcelo Martins <marcelo.martins@rackspace.com> or <btorch@gmail.com>
.\" Copyright (c) 2010-2012 OpenStack Foundation.
.\"
.\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.\" you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.\" You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
.\" implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.
.\"
.TH swift-object-replicator 1 "8/26/2011" "Linux" "OpenStack Swift"

.SH NAME
.LP
.B swift-object-replicator
\- OpenStack Swift object replicator

.SH SYNOPSIS
.LP
.B swift-object-replicator
[CONFIG] [-h|--help] [-v|--verbose] [-o|--once]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Replication is designed to keep the system in a consistent state in the face of
temporary error conditions like network outages or drive failures. The replication
processes compare local data with each remote copy to ensure they all contain the
latest version. Object replication uses a hash list to quickly compare subsections
of each partition.
.PP
Replication updates are push based. For object replication, updating is just a matter
of rsyncing files to the peer. The replicator also ensures that data is removed
from the system. When an object item is deleted a tombstone is set as the latest
version of the item. The replicator will see the tombstone and ensure that the item
is removed from the entire system.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Show this help message and exit
.TP
\fB\-d\fR \fIDEVICES\fR, \fB\-\-devices\fR=\fIDEVICES\fR
Replicate only given devices. Comma\-separated list. Only has effect if
\-\-once is used.
.TP
\fB\-p\fR \fIPARTITIONS\fR, \fB\-\-partitions\fR=\fIPARTITIONS\fR
Replicate only given partitions. Comma\-separated
list. Only has effect if \-\-once is used.
.TP
\fB\-i\fR \fIPOLICIES\fR, \fB\-\-policies\fR=\fIPOLICIES\fR
Replicate only given policy indices. Comma\-separated list. Only has effect if
\-\-once is used.
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-verbose\fR
Log to console
.TP
\fB\-o\fR, \fB\-\-once\fR
Only run one pass of daemon
.PP


.SH DOCUMENTATION
.LP
More in depth documentation in regards to
.BI swift-object-replicator
and also about OpenStack Swift as a whole can be found at
.BI https://docs.openstack.org/swift/latest/


.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR object-server.conf(5)
