.\"
.\" Author: Joao Marcelo Martins <marcelo.martins@rackspace.com> or <btorch@gmail.com>
.\" Copyright (c) 2010-2011 OpenStack Foundation.
.\"
.\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.\" you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.\" You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
.\" implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.
.\"
.TH swift-object-server 1 "8/26/2011" "Linux" "OpenStack Swift"

.SH NAME
.LP
.B swift-object-server
\- OpenStack Swift object server.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.LP
.B swift-object-server
[CONFIG] [-h|--help] [-v|--verbose]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The Object Server is a very simple blob storage server that can store, retrieve
and delete objects stored on local devices. Objects are stored as binary files
on the filesystem with metadata stored in the file's extended attributes (xattrs).
This requires that the underlying filesystem choice for object servers support
xattrs on files. Some filesystems, like ext3, have xattrs turned off by default.
Each object is stored using a path derived from the object name's hash and the operation's
timestamp. Last write always wins, and ensures that the latest object version will be
served. A deletion is also treated as a version of the file (a 0 byte file ending with
".ts", which stands for tombstone). This ensures that deleted files are replicated
correctly and older versions don't magically reappear due to failure scenarios.

.SH DOCUMENTATION
.LP
More in depth documentation in regards to
.BI swift-object-server
and also about OpenStack Swift as a whole can be found at
.BI https://docs.openstack.org/swift/latest/
and
.BI https://docs.openstack.org


.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR object-server.conf(5)
