.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 2016 OpenStack Foundation.
.\"
.\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.\" you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.\" You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
.\" implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.
.\"
.TH SWIFT-RING-BUILDER-ANALYZER "1" "August 2016" "OpenStack Swift"

.SH NAME
swift\-ring\-builder\-analyzer \- put the OpenStack Swift ring builder through its paces
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B swift\-ring\-builder\-analyzer
[\fIoptions\fR] \fIscenario_path\fR

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
This is a tool to help developers quantify changes to the ring
builder. It takes a scenario (JSON file) describing the builder's
basic parameters (part_power, replicas, etc.) and a number of
"rounds", where each round is a set of operations to perform on the
builder. For each round, the operations are applied, and then the
builder is rebalanced until it reaches a steady state.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.I scenario_path
Path to the scenario file
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Show this help message and exit
.TP
\fB\-\-check\fR, \fB\-c\fR
Just check the scenario, don't execute it.

.SH DOCUMENTATION
.LP
More in depth documentation in regards to
.BI swift\-ring\-builder\-analyzer
and also about OpenStack Swift as a whole can be found at
.BI https://docs.openstack.org/swift/latest/
and
.BI https://docs.openstack.org
