.\"
.\" Author: Joao Marcelo Martins <marcelo.martins@rackspace.com> or <btorch@gmail.com>
.\" Copyright (c) 2010-2011 OpenStack Foundation.
.\"
.\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.\" you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.\" You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
.\" implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.
.\"
.TH swift-container-server 1 "8/26/2011" "Linux" "OpenStack Swift"

.SH NAME
.LP
.B swift-container-server
\- OpenStack Swift container server

.SH SYNOPSIS
.LP
.B swift-container-server
[CONFIG] [-h|--help] [-v|--verbose]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The Container Server's primary job is to handle listings of objects. It doesn't know
where those objects are, just what objects are in a specific container. The listings
are stored as sqlite database files, and replicated across the cluster similar to how
objects are. Statistics are also tracked that include the total number of objects, and
total storage usage for that container.

.SH DOCUMENTATION
.LP
More in depth documentation in regards to
.BI swift-container-server
and also about OpenStack Swift as a whole can be found at
.BI https://docs.openstack.org/swift/latest/
and
.BI https://docs.openstack.org

.LP

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR container-server.conf(5)
