.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 2016 OpenStack Foundation.
.\"
.\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.\" you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.\" You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
.\" implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.
.\"
.TH SWIFT-FORM-SIGNATURE "1" "August 2016" "OpenStack Swift"

.SH NAME
swift\-form\-signature \- compute the expires and signature for OpenStack Swift Form POST middleware

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B swift\-form\-signature
\fIpath\fR \fIredirect\fR \fImax_file_size\fR \fImax_file_count\fR
\fIseconds\fR \fIkey\fR

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Tool to compute expires and signature values which can be used to upload
objects directly to the Swift from a browser by using the form POST middleware.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.I path
The prefix to use for form uploaded
objects. For example:
\fI/v1/account/container/object_prefix_\fP would
ensure all form uploads have that path
prepended to the browser\-given file name.
.TP
.I redirect
The URL to redirect the browser to after
the uploads have completed.
.TP
.I max_file_size
The maximum file size per file uploaded.
.TP
.I max_file_count
The maximum number of uploaded files
allowed.
.TP
.I seconds
The number of seconds from now to allow
the form post to begin.
.TP
.I key
The X\-Account\-Meta\-Temp\-URL\-Key for the
account.

.SH DOCUMENTATION
.LP
More in depth documentation in regards to
.BI swift\-form\-signature
and also about OpenStack Swift as a whole can be found at
.BI https://docs.openstack.org/swift/latest/
and
.BI https://docs.openstack.org
