.\"
.\" Author: Joao Marcelo Martins <marcelo.martins@rackspace.com> or <btorch@gmail.com>
.\" Copyright (c) 2010-2012 OpenStack, LLC.
.\"
.\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.\" you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.\" You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
.\" implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.
.\"  
.TH swift-container-updater 1 "8/26/2011" "Linux" "OpenStack Swift"

.SH NAME 
.LP
.B swift-container-updater
\- Openstack-swift container updater

.SH SYNOPSIS
.LP
.B swift-container-updater 
[CONFIG] [-h|--help] [-v|--verbose] [-o|--once]

.SH DESCRIPTION 
.PP
The container updater is responsible for updating container information in the account database. 
It will walk the container path in the system looking for container DBs and sending updates
to the account server as needed as it goes along. 

There are times when account data can not be immediately updated. This usually occurs 
during failure scenarios or periods of high load. This is where an eventual consistency 
window will most likely come in to play. 

In practice, the consistency window is only as large as the frequency at which 
the updater runs and may not even be noticed as the proxy server will route 
listing requests to the first account server which responds. The server under
load may not be the one that serves subsequent listing requests – one of the other
two replicas may handle the listing.

The options are as follows:

.RS 4
.PD 0
.IP "-v"
.IP "--verbose"
.RS 4
.IP "log to console"
.RE
.IP "-o"
.IP "--once"
.RS 4
.IP "only run one pass of daemon" 
.RE
.PD
.RE
       
.SH DOCUMENTATION
.LP
More in depth documentation in regards to 
.BI swift-container-updater
and also about Openstack-Swift as a whole can be found at 
.BI http://swift.openstack.org/index.html


.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR container-server.conf(5)
